E-Commerce   E - Commerce- Commerce conducted over the Internet, most often via the world wide web. E-Commerce can apply to purchases made over the Internet or business activities such as inventory transfers. The customer can order the goods from the supplier web site, paying with a credit card (the customer enters account information via the computer) or with the previously established "e-money" account. The transaction information is transmitted (usually by modem ) to a financial institution for processing and payment to the vendor for order fulfillment. Personal and account information is kept confidential through the use of "secured transactions" that use encryption technology.   In order to further development of e-Commerce, electronic signature Federal law (2000) established uniform National standards for determining the circumstances under which contracts and notifications in electronic form are legally valid. Legal standards were also specified regarding the use of electronic signature ("an electronic sound, symbol or process, attached to or logically associated with a contract or other record and executed or adopted by a person with the intent to sign the record"), but the law did not specify technological standards for implementing the Law. The act gave electronic signatures a legal standing similar to paper signatures, allowing contracts and other agreements such as those establishing a loan or brokerage account that can be signed on line.   Once consumers have eased concerns about online credit card purchases, e-Commerce grew rapidly in the late 1990-ies. In 1998 on-line retail ("e-tail") sales were $7.2 billion, twice more than in 1997. On-line retail ordering represented 15% of nonstore sales (which included catalogs, television sales and direct sales) in 1998, but this constituted only 1% of the total retail sales for that year. Books are the most popular on-line Product order—more than half of web shoppers ordering books (one on-line book, Amazon.com that began in 1995, received an income of $610 million in 1998)—followed by software, audio compact discs and personal computers . Other online Commerce includes trading of stocks purchase of air tickets and groceries, and participation in auctions.